we're going to turn our attention now to
the war in Gaza where there have been
developments both on the ground and in
the ceasefire negotiations the Israel
Defense Forces say it carried out a
deadly air strike early on Thursday on a
un School in the central part of the
strip they say it housed a Hamas
compound the Hamas run media office says
at least 27 people were killed and
dozens who were Sheltering there were
injured well let's go live to our Middle
East correspondent yolan Nell who is in
Jerusalem so yolan what do we know about
strike on this un
school so the Israeli military says that
it h struck this school in narat urban
refugee camp in the center of the Gaza
Strip um because it was acting on
intelligence there was a Hamas command
post there and that there were Hamas and
Islamic Jihad fighters who had been
involved in the 7th of October attacks
on Southern Israel which C killed of
course about 1,200 people according to
official Israeli figures now local
people say that there were hundreds of
displaced people that were Sheltering
inside that school um and that we've
just been hearing from the uh alaxa Mars
hospital nearby um a journalist uh
working with us uh spoke to them there
and they said that at least 40 people
have been killed in this strike we've
been told that there were children among
those killed and certainly in the videos
shared on social media you can see uh
body bags and uh corpses under blankets
lined up there do appear to be some
small corpses there appearing to belong
to Children the Israeli military said
that um it took steps to try to avoid um
harm to civilians uh during this strike
such as aerial surveillance and that the
head of the Hamas run uh government
media office has denied that this was
being used um as as a Hamas command post
but really this is part of uh a new
Israeli offensive that we've seen in
this week uh in the center of the Gaza
Strip um that has involved heavy Israeli
bombardment with the Israeli military
acting against what it says are Hamas
targets there have also been tanks
moving into alur another Urban refugee
camp and the alaxa Mars Hospital says
it's been simply overwhelmed by
casualties it's treating hundreds of
people um as a result of of these
operations and you know in very
difficult circumstan and it said one of
its electricity generators has now
actually gone down making it even more
challenging yes the medical Charity msf
saying the conditions in central Gaza
apocalyptic um because that a lot of
people uh moved there didn't they
because theyve they've had to go back
and uh and move out out of
Rafa that's correct so we've really seen
Rafa right down um on the southern
border with Egypt emptying out as a
result of the ongoing uh Israeli
military offensive there um over the
past couple of weeks and many of people
seeking uh shelter have gone uh to
places like de Bal in the center of the
Gaza Strip um really swelling the
populations of these places and adding
to pressure on the hospitals this is the
only Hospital the alaxa Martis hospital
that's really functioning um in that
particular area uh and it's an extremely
difficult situation we're hearing that
from all different humanitarian agencies
and and people on the ground y with the
latest live in Jerusalem thank you very
much